for over a century I have lived in
secret until now I shouldn't have come
home I know the risk but I had no choice
I have to know her
hold up Lissa all I see is back hot yeah
there is sterile there I'm sensing
Seattle when he plays the guitar your
records are incomplete and we do insist
on transcripts look again I'm sure
everything you need is there well you're
right please be hot you promised me you
said you had it out of control 19-party
his name is Stefan Salvatore he's a
Gemini and his favorite color is blue
you got all that in one day oh please I
got on that between third and fourth
period
phase 2 by
so you were born in Mystic Falls and
move when I was still young Kurtz my
parents passed away I'm sorry so
something if you're new then you don't
know about the party tomorrow there you
go of course
senior year ok
we kind of chocolate n serious you back
are you the mysterious thing going to a
little sadness it's not exactly party
chitchat last spring my parents car
drove off the bridge into the lake and I
survived but it didn't you won't be sad
forever Elena I like by systems ever get
burned that's fair in the world Matt
can't seem to take his eyes off of us
Matt and I together it wasn't passion no
it wasn't passionate hey um are you okay
your eye it's justice oh um a thirsty
I'm gonna get us a drink
what someone else's attacked on Zack and
it wasn't me then who was it Damon hello
brother that crow it's been much laennec
why do you see what I can do it the fog
why are you here I could ask you the
same question however I'm fairly certain
your answer to be summed up all into one
little word which is delayed she's a
dead ringer for Katherine is it working
stay away take that as an invitation
this ball looks great delena stop it
sighs you want to put these I can
from Kevin Williamson the creator of
scream and Dawson's Creek what happened
that's a crow well based on the
best-selling novels thought you might
want this back don't worry I didn't read
it why not most people would of 11
anyone to read mine you gave a journey
memories really too important yeah the
battle
book her soul she took my breath away
when stop it begins with her heart I'm
simply not able to resist her Mystic
Falls is a different place now it's been
quiet for a long time and you being here
is gonna stir things up you don't belong
here anymore who are doing wrong hi I
needed to know okay Jilly's come in yes
the vampire diaries coming this fall to
the CW